Add digital ocean spaces link for S3 providers (and tidy up) (#8260)
keystonejs/keystone: docs/pages/docs/guides/images-and-files.md

description: "Learn how to add Images and Files to your project using Keystone’s Storage configuration"
---

Keystone [fields](../fields/overview) include the `image` and `file` types. You can use them to reference and (if required) serve images and/or files from Keystone. This guide will show you how to configure images and files in your Keystone system so you can store assets either locally or [Amazon S3 storage](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/) or DigitalOcean Spaces (https://www.digitalocean.com/products/spaces).

## How asset storage works in Keystone

> Keystone manages file and image assets through a `storage` object you define in Keystone’s [configuration file](/docs/config/config). Any number of stores can be set up within the `storage` object, and you can mix and match between `local` and `s3` (by [Amazon](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/)) and `S3-Compatible Cloud Object Storage` (by [DigitalOcean Spaces](https://www.digitalocean.com/products/spaces)) depending on your use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keystone manages file and image assets through a `storage` object you define in Keystone’s [configuration file](/docs/config/config). Any number of stores can be set up within the `storage` object, and you can mix and match between `local` and `s3` compatible providers (akin to [Amazon S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/, or [DigitalOcean Spaces](https://www.digitalocean.com/products/spaces)).
```

We have no preference for a provider, only that it is compatible.  Maybe this is an improvement?

Reviewer: I'm weary of adding many S3 providers to this section, but don't want to bias either.  Maybe we can use generic language after _one_ section that lists a number of _different_ providers.

Author: Yes, Thank You!

    accessKeyId,
    // The S3 Secret pulled from the S3_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY environment variable
    secretAccessKey,

>     // the S3 endpoint pulled from S3_ENDPOINT environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // the S3 endpoint pulled from S3_ENDPOINT environment variable (if defined)
```
